All right.
So now that we have created the LM test case with the input, the actual output and the tool calls,
if I'm not wrong, which is going to be the tools called over here.
And then we also need to have our expected tools.
But you notice that the expected tools is kind of none over here without this.
This validation is just going to fail.
And I actually missed that part over there.
If you remember over here while we were doing a copy pasting like a raw copy pasting from our last section
over here, we only had the golden with the input and the expected output, but we did not pass the
tool called, which is required from our golden data set, which is this one, the tool called that
we created.
So we actually need to do that as well I think I have missed that part.
So let me quickly fix that particular part over there, which is going to be a tool called uh, over
here.
And then we need to create this particular data set.
And we also need to upload this data set to uh, the cloud, which is the, which is the cloud which
we have got.
There we go.
Now we have got the tools called over here, hopefully.
And if I try to pull that back and if I try to run the data set, we should have something called as
test case actual outputs, which is going to be this one expected outputs retrieved context.
And we also have got the tools called over here.
This is required while we have all these information data set.
We can now pass this to our golden dot tools called so that it will create the tools called for the
LM test case.
And then finally we should have the expected tools to have the tools called as well, which is going
to be if I just go and see that, look at that.
The expected tools is not none.
This time it is going to have the tools called as well.
And this tool is called is nothing but the tools called that we actually created in the Golden Data
set.
So now we have got all the information there which is pretty cool.
So with that data in place, the final operation that we are going to do is to do the the LM evaluation,
which is going to be using the tool, uh, correction, uh, metrics evaluation.
Ah, let's do that.
The final step.
So I'm going to go copy paste the code from here.
And I will just write it down over here.
I will actually change the code a bit as well, because the documentation is still not enough for us
to do the testing.
Uh, so you can see that the input, they have got something like this and this.
So we don't even need this kind of part over here.
The reason why we don't need this is because we have already created our test case structure, uh,
in this format.
Right.
So we can just directly pass the entire test case structure for the, uh, for the evaluation purpose.
And the way we can do it is because we have got multiple test cases in place.
I'm going to write a for loop here because they don't support the bulk operation at the moment.
So I'm going to say for test case in data I'm just going to have multiple uh, test cases there.
And I'm just going to intend this one something like this.
So this is going to be the test case which I'm passing in to measure, and I'm going to see the score
and stuff.
So hope you got the idea right.
So in the in this particular test case correctness metrics, there is a measure method which requires
a test case.
And we have got multiple test case in this data.
As you can see LM test case one.
LM test case two and LM test case of three.
So we have got three test cases including the multiplication.
So all these test cases needs to be executed one by one.
So this is what I'm doing over here.
So while I try to run this immediately you will notice that it is going to give us the response one.
So all the expected tools uh, which is this one were called uh, over here.
Order is not considered, which is fine.
And then there is a incomplete missing over here for some reason.
Um, looks like the spelling mistake over here.
Look at that.
It says multiply.
And what we have is not correct.
So that I think they have wrongly typed somewhere while doing, while I was doing the data creation
in the golden somewhere.
Let me just go all the way on the top.
Oh, look at that.
Multiply spelling is wrong.
So the multiply spelling is this one.
Just my mistake.
I should have read that correctly.
But yeah, we have got a negative test case there.
So which is also a good thing uh, to, to have in place because that way we can test like everything
is working as expected as well.
Uh, there we go.
Let me upload it.
Let me create the data set.
Let me pull it back.
The data set will have the correct, um, correct spelling this time.
And I'm going to run, uh, this guy.
But before I run this, I will also show you the metrics that I was just showing you over here.
Look at that.
So if there is a wrong usage of the tools, you are going to immediately get a response here saying
expected this one, but card this one.
So you see that that is a failure there.
Right.
And if the subtract number is correct then it is going to be fine.
So there is a 1.0.
So there is one tool failing and happening is because of the data that we have passed.
But you will see that the matrix is actually measuring it correctly, and it's giving us that this is
the wrong tool being called, or if this is the right tool being called.
So that is how you can see the entire matrix coming up for us over here.
But the moment I correct this entire thing, like let's say I'm going to run the with the correct golden
data set and with the correct information that we are supposed to pass and which is going to be the
correct tooling, hopefully.
And if I run the tool correction this time, you see that all of them are one, one one.
So because I have fixed the multiply numbers spelling there and you see that it's all correctly been
called over here.
So which means our agent is correctly calling the right tooling required for the right question, which
means our test has got passed, which is amazing.
So this is how we can do the testing of our tool correctness in the tool correctness metrics.
In the deep eval tool, there are a few more changes that we can make in this particular thing for the
tool.
Correctness metrics based on the different kind of parameter that you can pass, which I'll be talking
about quickly in our next lecture.